Add ring and sector reporting ID option in PCCM object of reactor module (#21421)
idaholab/moose: modules/reactor/doc/content/source/meshgenerators/PolygonConcentricCircleMeshGenerator.md

- `num_sectors_per_side_meta`, type `std::vector<unsigned int>`: Makes the value of the input parameter [!param](/Mesh/PolygonConcentricCircleMeshGenerator/num_sectors_per_side) available to other mesh generators.
- `azimuthal_angle_meta`, type `std::vector<Real>`: Contains the sorted azimuthal angles of all the nodes on the external boundary.

## Reporting ID Assignment

> `PolygonConcentricCircleMeshGenerator` can assign the reporting IDs for annular ring and sectors, which allows users to manipulate sub-pin level details information such as such as the depletion zone setup.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`PolygonConcentricCircleMeshGenerator` can assign the reporting IDs for annular rings and sectors, which allows users to manipulate sub-pin level details information such as such as the depletion zone setup.
```

The option for ring and sector reporting IDs can be turned on by using the input parameters [!param](/Mesh/PolygonConcentricCircleMeshGenerator/use_ring_id) and [!param](/Mesh/PolygonConcentricCircleMeshGenerator/use_sector_id), respectively.

> The default names of ring and sector reporting IDs are set by `ring_id` and `sector_id `, and these names can be contolled by [!param](/Mesh/PolygonConcentricCircleMeshGenerator/ring_id_name) and [!param](/Mesh/PolygonConcentricCircleMeshGenerator/sector_id_name).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default names of ring and sector reporting IDs are set by `ring_id` and `sector_id `, and these names can be controlled by [!param](/Mesh/PolygonConcentricCircleMeshGenerator/ring_id_name) and [!param](/Mesh/PolygonConcentricCircleMeshGenerator/sector_id_name).
```

> For the ring report IDs, each annular blocks defined by [!param](/Mesh/PolygonConcentricCircleMeshGenerator/ring_radii) has its own ID values by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the ring reporting IDs, each annular blocks defined by [!param](/Mesh/PolygonConcentricCircleMeshGenerator/ring_radii) has its own ID values by default.
```

> But each annular rings defined by [!param](/Mesh/PolygonConcentricCircleMeshGenerator/ring_radii) along with [!param](/Mesh/PolygonConcentricCircleMeshGenerator/ring_intervals) can have an unique ID values by setting [!param](/Mesh/PolygonConcentricCircleMeshGenerator/ring_id_assign_type) as `ring_wise`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default may be overriden by unique ID values by setting [!param](/Mesh/PolygonConcentricCircleMeshGenerator/ring_id_assign_type) as `ring_wise`, if both [!param](/Mesh/PolygonConcentricCircleMeshGenerator/ring_radii) and [!param](/Mesh/PolygonConcentricCircleMeshGenerator/ring_intervals) are specified.```
